So as you know we have all of our resources create it on a deal with us as does our path indicates.
But we of course have to verify that if our resources are also available on us as we expected and as
we can figure them so let's go to a concert right now and check out the resources that we created.
So on AWOS Casal the first thing I did I'm going to do is to go and check the VPC section within the
PC section as you can see there are two PCs.
And before our creation there were only just one PC which was the default PC from A W-S itself.
So let's go into the PC section and there we go.
We have our own VPC as both all three PC and the state of that PC is available and the IP version 4
side or block is as 10.0 darts zeroed out slash 60.
And it has its own route table and some other route table that we're going to check out in a moment.
And then we launch our VPC AWOS also created ourselves a default network ACL and and as you can see
the default VPC is not for our own PC because the default PC is always coming from a double us and let's
go and check out the subsequent resources for our PC and the next stop is the subnets.
So on the left pane let's click on these subnets.
And as you can see are two subnets are available bowlful three public subnet and both of three private
subnet.
So TV PCs all of these subnets are as you can see are both all three PC and four are private subnet
as you can see it is also on both three PC and the cyder blocks are as we define them.
And as you can see also there are over two hundred and fifty IP addresses available to be mapped within
the subnets if you like to and depending on the route tables and as you can see Druitt tables are different
on those public and private subnets.
That's only because we associated our public subnet with our own created public route table and we associate
it to private subnet with the private and default route table from our VPC creation and we're going
to check that out within a moment.
So just don't worry about that right now.
And as you can see also the subnets are not default subnets and we only allowed as you can remember
from our code auto assigned public IP addresses on our public subnet.
And this is as martyrs.
Yes so if we go back and see that this is our public subnet and if we go and check out our private subnet
the auto assigned public IP addresses are marked as No.
So this is expected.
This is what we wanted to share with our subnets and the PCs and if we go down and try to check out
the route table for our public subnet as you can see we have the internet gateway route added to our
route table for our public subnet with the rule as 0.0.
That's euro slash zero for our Internet Gateway access so that any subsequent resources within this
public subnet can access internet resources.
And the vice versa is also true.
So if we click on that route table that will bring us to our public route table.
And I just did that and as you can see are both those three true table is there and if we can check
out the roots and if we check it we have the internet gateway root access to our root table and if we
also check out these subnet associations we can see that we associate this route table with our public
subnet All right now let's go back to our subnets and check out our private subnet.
So if it is configured as we accessed it as we configured with our both of three client and as you can
see Druitt table for private subnet is only left with the default route and the route table.
If we click on it simply going to show us the same route and the most important part as it is associated
with the private subnet as you can see here.
And let's just go back to our sections and let's go to our route tables.
We already checked our route tables but let's also go over them again and there is just one subnet with
a route table Association and that is the actually the public subnet that we explicitly associated with
our public route table for our private crew table.
There are simply no associations and if he also go down for Internet gateways we have two Internet gateways.
One of them is coming from the default PPC when a W-S lunchers the default PC on your account.
And the other one the one below that if we expand this we can see that it's for the bowlful 3 PC and
it is attached to a an actual PC.
And if we check out the attach we see we're going to see that it's the boatful free wi PC that we just
lounge.
All right.
So that's basically all we have on the PC section and it looks all great and all good.
That's just what we wanted to create one to achieve on a W-S.
So the next stop is the easy to section.
So let's go to easy to and verify the resources that we created.
And as you can see there are two running instances.
That's just what we wanted.
She won a WS one for the public subnet and one for the private subnet.
So basically two E.S. two instances on a double U.S..
And as you can see here the only missing part is the name tags for E.S. two instances and there's to
worry about that we're going to do that within a moment in our later videos.
And let's just go and check the properties of these two instances.
And as you can guess from the properties of this selected E.S. to instance it is the public subnet public.
You see two instances.
That's why I'm saying why I'm saying this is that it has the public IP address assigned to itself when
it lounged.
But if you check out the other easy to instance you're not going to be seeing that.
That is the two instance doesn't have any public IP address it only has a private IP address as you
can see here it is displayed right here.
And if we go and check the properties of the public easy to instance it is attached with the both of
three public security group.
And if we check out the inbound rules for that security group we have the rules the exact rules that
we define within our both or three code as you can see here for port 80 TCAP connection and for poor
Tootsy Pekan action also and the AM I JUST THE am I.
We define within our code on Python and for the key Parel So we have the both of three key pair that
we assigned to this E.S. to instance and the remaining powers of this are simply the subnet ID that
we defined within our code and the VPC of that subnet.
That's everything as we expect it.
And let's go down here and check out the private.
Easy to instance for the private easy to instance security group is also both of three dash private
Dasch security group and it has the same rules set as our public security group.
But remember that this is just has no effect on you see to instance simply because it's easy to is this
is going to be excluded from the Internet from the worldwide web.
It's only available to my public and private subnets for accessing.
All right.
And for the M-I this is the same am I that I defined within my Both of three client and for the key
pair again I have both are three dash key pair and forwarders subnet at this time I have the public
subnet ID attached to this easy to instance for the VPC.
That's the same BPC I have.
And the most important part of this easy to instance that it doesn't have any public DNS or public IP
addresses it only has a private IP addresses within the range of the private subnet.
So let's go and check out the subsequent resources of this is to instance and the next stop is security
groups within these security groups as you can see.
We have both of three private security group and both of three public security group and we have two
descriptions as we put them within our code.
And if we check out the inbound rules for the public security group in here we can see that rules are
defined right there.
And if we check out the private security group there are also there.
And let's go and check out the key player.
Also the key pair we have there both are three key pair here.
And just like I stated earlier and mentioned you about it.
There is no way to extract the key pair from a U.S..
Once you create it because Amazon for security reasons mostly doesn't allow you to reuse or regenerate
that key pair for your easy to instance.
Once you create a key pair on a W-S you have to keep it somewhere secure to use it later on for your
machines because otherwise you'll lose the access to your PC to instances on AWOS.
So that's basically it about all of our configuration on a W-S.
So in the next video we're going to be checking out the access to our public see to instance and we'll
try to access our Web page.
The ASTM L5 that be added and the HTP server that we launched on easy to startup script and verify if
we can access it.